FinanceYF5,Will
sama,Sam Altman
AlecRad,Alec Radford
gdb,Greg Brockman
ilyasut,Ilya Sutskever
woj_zaremba,Wojciech Zaremba
johnschulman2,John Schulman
janleike,Jan Leike
karpathy,Andrej Karpathy
miramurati,Mira Murati
lilianweng,Lilian Weng
merettm,Jakub Pachocki
OfficialLoganK,Logan.GPT
bobmcgrewai,BOB MCGREW
dswillner,DAVE WILLNER
markchen90,MARK CHEN
c_berner,CHRISTOPHER BERNER
Miles_Brundage,MILES BRUNDAGE
longouyang,LONG OUYANG
crlfq,Ivan Zhang
nickfrosst,Nick Frosst
ashVaswani,Ashish Vaswani
NoamShazeer,Noam Shazeer
nikiparmar09,Niki Parmar
kyosu,Jakob Uszkoreit
aidangomezzz,Aidan Gomez
lukaszkaiser,Lukasz Kaiser
ilblackdragon,Illia Polosukhin
dan_defr,Daniel De Freitas
ThoppilanRomal,Romal Thoppilan
annadgoldie,Anna Goldie
colinraffel,Colin Raffel
sharan0909,Sharan Narang
jacob_devlin,Jacob Devlin
Azaliamirh,Azalia Mirhoseini
ylecun,Yann LeCun
JeffDean,Jeff Dean
DrJimFan,Jim Fan
oran_ge,orange.ai
dotey,宝玉
bearbig,Bear Liu
BaibanbaoNet,白板报
wanglei001,Kenshin
OwenYoungZh,Owen
thinkingjimmy,JimmyWong
decohack,viggo
op7418,歸藏
xicilion,响马
WuPingJu,P.J. Wu 吳秉儒
yetone,yetone
nash_su,nash_su
novoreorx,Reorx
nishuang,倪爽
hzlzh,自力hzlzh
mr_easonyang,Eason Yang
luoleiorg,luolei
yihong0618,yihong0618
jesselaunz,紐村遁一子
Cydiar404,𝗖𝘆𝗱𝗶𝗮𝗿
lxfater,铁锤人
mtrainier2020,雷尼尔
mranti,Michael Anti
JourneymanChina,Journeyman
lewangdev,lewang
vikingmute,Viking
vista8,向阳乔木
browserdotsys
two_dukes
StabilityAI
AndyChenML
Meta_RealityLabs
BrownUniversity
mezaoptimizer
DannyDriess
GoogleAI
sohamxsarkar
brickroad7
SamWolfstone
_jasonwei
MatthewJBar
MJBPredictions
natalia__coelho
dwarkesh_sp
MoritzW42
andriy_mulyar
nearcyan
full_stack_dl
geoffreyhinton
woj_zaremba
charles_irl
weights_biases
Redwood_Neuro
atroyn
trychroma
maithra_raghu
Samaya_AI
entirelyuseles
realGeorgeHotz
DhruvBatraDB
digi_literacy
johnjnay
CodeXStanford
ggerganov
mckaywrigley
CodewandAI
ChatbotUI
ESYudkowsky
_akhaliq
Gradio_HuggingFace
ilyasut
connerruhl